Added release notes (#507)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/release-notes/pages/5-8-0.adoc

= 5.8.0 Release notes
:description: These release notes list any new features, enhancements, fixes, and breaking changes implemented between version 5.7.1 and version 5.8.0 of Hazelcast Management Center (MC).

{description}

For help downloading Hazelcast Management Center, see xref:getting-started:install.adoc[].

== New features

> * *Console support*: If you are experiencing any issues using the Command Line Client (CLC) in Management Center, there is a new option to replace CLC with the original Console. You can enable this by setting the environment variable `HAZELCAST_MC_ORIGINAL_CONSOLE_ENABLED` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Console support*: If you are experiencing any issues using the Command Line Client (CLC) in Management Center, there is a new option to switch from the CLC-based console to the original console. You can enable this by setting the environment variable `HAZELCAST_MC_ORIGINAL_CONSOLE_ENABLED` to `true`.
```
